Ok so the previous project going in circles done with it. Here's my path phase 10 is setting up a headless computer running linux mint 22.? which emails out at 7:oo mountain time an HTML report of stocks for swing trades to be place on their watch list. We will perfect the HTML report but to start all the data and formulas will be run in the background, the report will only show results in columns  Ticker, Price, Score sorted best at top, RSI, Trade buy/hold/sell, a stop, target 1/2, forcast prices 3 day, 5 day, 7 day,2 weeks to start with possible revised, hope to sell daily reports monthly charge. The system is built on quantum logics and formula using the likes of scikit-learn for things like Prophet, research based off data for monthly, weekly, daily, 4 hour, still on the fence of just daily EOD data, maybe 4 hour data for the final 4 hour data. Machine learning will go through the CSV files and drill down for the absoulte best highest win probablities as possible for the HTML report. The behind the scenes data will be sma20, vwap, rsi, atr, stochtastic momentum, MACD, Volume, and what ever tools that will be useful for data harvesting. Below is a project built by a diffrent AI getting real close to what I want. Your purpose for exsistance is to use it as a base and shame any other python3 if needed sql app for my end goal of a daily report that hits the HIGHEST rate of return. I already have a myenv and sklearn_env that we can use and activate. GOOD LUCK lets not waist each other time. This project tree  we'll call the GXS Project default: clean_symbols.py, last_top20.pkl, run.py final after test, run1.py where all revised writes go first, symbolsALL.txt, symbolsALL_clean.txt, symbolsFAST.txt, for folders charts (currently empty not being used),exports (this is where all the watchlist_ranked_date_#'s.csv & watchlist_enriched_date_#'s.csv  files are with the matching dashboard_date_#'s.html are writen to), the myenv and sklearn_env are thats about it. Even though all requirments are loaded there should be a requirments.txt in the default folder as well. OK here's the run1.py:  
